                          Readme for the
                         PCI CD DMA Interface
                           2003-03-27

GENERAL NOTES

This software was built using the Redhat 7.3 release, with kernel 2.4.18. The 
driver is built as a loadable module. The driver should load during the boot
process; if it doesn't, it can be manually loaded by running 

make load

from the EDTpcd/ directory.



GETTING STARTED

Once the package is installed, you can run a test with self-generating 
data on the interface xilinx by running "xtest 4096".

To configure the PCI CD for normal operation, run "pcdrequest" and choose
the applicable bit file.



UPGRADING THE FIRMWARE

Field upgrades to the PCI interface PROM may occasonally be necessary when
upgrading to a new device driver. This involves downloading firmware to the
board's PCI interface Xilinx using the pciload program. (Note that this is
is NOT the same as running  "pcdload" or "bitload", which load the interface-
specific bitfile.) If you are running on a board that was shipped prior to
November 1997, you MUST upgrade the firmware as follows in order to run with
this version of the device driver:

To reload a bit file for field upgrade, run

    pciload -u unit_no flash/<file.bit>

Where <file.bit> is the appropriate file for the device. For example,
if you have a PCI CD-60, run pciload -u 0 pcd60.bit
 
The board only reloads this from flash when being powered up,  so after
running pciload, the new bit file will not be in the xilinx until the
system has power cycled.  Note, this requires cycling power, not just
rebooting.



PROGRAMMING WITH THE EDT LIBRARIES

This subject is covered by the EDT manuals.  The latest versions of the 
EDT manuals can be obtained at http://www.edt.com/Manuals.html in PDF format.  

Along with the information provided by the manual, you may be interested in the 
sample programs which come with the EDT software: 

  continuous transfers using ring buffers:
  	simple_getdata.c, simple_putdata.c

  multiple channel I/O:
    rdwr16.c

There may be more than this - feel free to look at any of the .c files 
included with the EDT software.



UPGRADING THE EDT SOFTWARE

To upgrade the EDT software, just uninstall the current software and 
install the latest version which is available from the EDT website or 
ftp server.  To determine the current version of your software, look 
at the included "version" file.



UNINSTALLING EDT SOFTWARE

To remove the EDT software completely, it is now necessary to run the 
uninstallpcd script from within the directory in which the software is 
installed (usually /opt/EDTpcd).



QUESTIONS OR PROBLEMS?

Contact

Engineering Design Team, Inc.
1100 NW Compton, Ste 306
Beaverton, OR 97006
(503) 690-1234
(503) 690-1243 FAX
Internet: www.edt.com
Email: tech@edt.com

